plugins/databases/doris/src/main/doc/doris.adoc, before:

////
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
////
[[database-plugins-mariadb]]
:documentationPath: /database/databases/
:language: en_US
:page-alternativeEditUrl: https://github.com/apache/incubator-hop/edit/master/plugins/databases/doros/src/main/doc/doris.adoc
= Apache Doris

Doris is compatible with MySQL so you can use the MySQL or MariaDB JDBC drivers.
Please see the https://doris.apache.org[Apache Doris website] for more information.

[width="90%", cols="2*", options="header"]
|===
| Option | Info
|Type | Relational
|Driver | https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/[Drivere Link] (Use Platform Independent)
|Version Included | None
|Hop Dependencies | None
|Documentation | https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-j/8.0/en/[Documentation Link]
|JDBC Url | jdbc:mysql://hostname:33060/databaseName
|===

Commit message:

[Doc] Update Doris adoc
Change the correct port of JDBC Url

plugins/databases/doris/src/main/doc/doris.adoc, after:

////
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
////
[[database-plugins-mariadb]]
:documentationPath: /database/databases/
:language: en_US
:page-alternativeEditUrl: https://github.com/apache/incubator-hop/edit/master/plugins/databases/doros/src/main/doc/doris.adoc
= Apache Doris

Doris is compatible with MySQL so you can use the MySQL or MariaDB JDBC drivers.
Please see the https://doris.apache.org[Apache Doris website] for more information.

[width="90%", cols="2*", options="header"]
|===
| Option | Info
|Type | Relational
|Driver | https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/[Drivere Link] (Use Platform Independent)
|Version Included | None
|Hop Dependencies | None
|Documentation | https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-j/8.0/en/[Documentation Link]
|JDBC Url | jdbc:mysql://hostname:9030/databaseName
|===

The JDBC port is same as the QueryPort in Doris.
